Please make the implementation work in development (#1003)
omniauth/omniauth: README.md

would add a line in my `routes.rb` file like this:

```ruby
post '/auth/:provider/callback', to: 'sessions#create'
```

And I might then have a `SessionsController` with code that looks
something like this:

```ruby
class SessionsController < ApplicationController

>   skip_before_action :verify_authenticity_token, only: :create unless Rails.env.production?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # If you're using a strategy that POSTs during callback, you'll need to skip the authenticity token check for the callback action only. 
  skip_before_action :verify_authenticity_token, only: :create
```
